Create a schedule & goals for the first 30 days Post-Graduation

Action Step #1: Establish a shareable calendar: 
https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bGtzaGFtdXNAZ21haWwuY29t


Action Step #2: What is your cut-off for ending the job search? When do you want to receive and sign an offer by?
I want an offer received and signed by the end of March. I think this is a reasonable and realistic time frame. 


Action Step #3: Based on what you outlined above, create monthly, weekly, and daily goals to reach in order to reach your big goal:
Monthly, my goal is to have at least 3 in person interviews. My weekly goals include working on personal projects, such as finishing and perfecting my capstone Kennel Tracker project, as I have real clients wanting to use the software. I also am completing a webpage for a triathlon in New Jersey, which I began over the module 3 break. Having these two applications as my weekly goals will keep my coding skills sharp. Other weekly goals include attending one meet up per week, sending out 5 job applications per week, and attending as many coffee meetings as possible. My daily goals include coding for 4 hours a day, a mix of algorithm and interview technical challenge problems and personal projects. I also plan to read/study for an hour a day. I also have set aside daily time to research companies, work on resumes/cover letters, and send out applications. The time blocks for all of these can be seen on my google calendar. 

Coding
For time spent coding during your first 30 days post-grad, consider:
What skills would you like to improve or develop?
Are there areas from Turing's program that you feel weaker in? How will you level up?
Are there new languages or technologies you'd like to learn? How and when will you do that?

I want to improve my problem solving skills, by practicing algorithm problems. I will utilize Leetcode.com for practice problems. This will help with my interview technical challenges. 
I feel weaker in my CSS skills, which is something I plan to practice more by building interesting and interactive UIs. I want to improve my animation skills in particular with CSS. 
I am very interested in learning Python or Golang and getting my AWS certificate. I plan to do this during my study block on my calendar. I am interested in learning more backend technologies and want to broaden my skill set.

 Outreach & Networking


Action Step #1: Identify at least 3 individuals from companies you're tracking who could connect with during your first 30 days. Describe why you want to connect with these people and what you hope to talk about, when you will email them by, and what your follow-up will look like once you've met with them.


Action Step #2: Find 3 new meetups or other career networking events to join during your first 30 days post-grad and describe why you'll attend those particular events. How will attending these meetups benefit you in your job search? How can you contribute to the community of these meetups? If you're interested in speaking at any of these meetups, describe how you'll connect with the organizers to arrange that and give a brief (2-3 sentences) pitch on what you might talk about and why.
I plan to connect with someone who works at Google as an engineer. She started her coding career at a bootcamp in Silicon Valley and worked as a contractor at Google for two years before converting to a full time employee. I hope to talk to her about her journey from bootcamp, to contractor, to full time, and ask for advice on ways I can follow in her footsteps. I have already started my communication with her and hope to visit her office in the next coming weeks. I would love to become a contractor at Google with the hopes to someday convert into full time. I also plan to connect with a Turing alumni who works at Twitter, as Twitter is one of my dream companies to work for. We have communicated various times on LinkedIn, but I need to set up an actual meeting time, in which I hope to talk of his experience working there, what the culture is like, and any advice he may offer. My third individual in which I would like to connect with works at HomeAdvisor. I am interested in this company because of my experience working at Yelp; both companies share a similar goal, connecting people to businesses. I enjoyed my time at Yelp and therefore excited about helping home service businesses grow as well. 
Three meetups I am interested in attending are Women Who Code Denver, React Denver, and Denver JavaScript. Attending these meetups will be a way for me to network and learn about job opportunities in the area. I am most excited about attending Women Who Code Denver because it will be a way for me to be around more professional women programmers, who understand the struggles of being a woman in a male dominated industry. 
Job/Company Research & Tracking


I will be utilizing a Trello board to keep track of all of my job applications and where I am in the process. 
Interview Prep
I plan to work on my technical challenge aspect of interviewing, I will work on this by utilizing Leetcode.com and doing practice problems. I will also be setting up a mock interview by January 25th with my partner’s manager, who has years of experience interviewing candidates for technical roles. 

Housekeeping
Make sure you have all your job search components up-to-date and looking their best!


Action Step #1: Ensure your Turing Portfolio has at least 3 projects displayed, including your latest work, and an accurate list of your desired locations. Be prepared to show this to your instructors during your M4 portfolio review. 
https://alumni.turing.io/alumni/laura-shamus


Action Step #2: Ensure your LinkedIn is up to date and indicates that you’re job hunting. Indicate here a summary of any adjustments you made and how you'll continue to update it and/or use the site to build your network and online presence.
My LinkedIn is up to date. I am currently using LinkedIn premium, which allows me to send messages to anyone, regardless if we are connected, and have more of an insight on who visits my profile and where my profile stands against other candidates for positions. I have adjusted my profile by adding a summary, adding more information about my time at Turing, added buzzwords to my profile that recruiters search for, and added all my skills. 


Other
What other areas would you like to focus on during your job search? Some possible ideas include:
Social Networking
Blogging
Planning and submitting meetup and/or conference talks
Participating in hackathons or open source projects


Action Step: Identify one of the areas above or an additional area that you'd like to develop further during your first 30 days post-grad and be prepared to discuss this with your instructors at your portfolio review.
I would like to start blogging about my experience coding over the last year, as I started Turing with no coding knowledge to now being a junior developer. I would love to discuss the struggles and wins to hopefully persuade more women to try coding. 

Check-ins: Who are you talking to and when?
Accountability is key during a job search and being able to check in with a person whom you trust (or, ideally, more than one person) on your progress will increase your ability to reach your goals in the timeline you've created.


Action Step: Identify 1-2 people you'll check in with during your first 30 days post-grad. Consider how you might continue to utilize your PD Peer Groups. Describe why you will check in with this person, how you will check in with them, what you aim to talk about, and what you hope to get out of these check-ins to benefit your job search.
I will check in with everyone in my job search peer group after graduation. This mod we have all supported each other, reviewed each other’s cover letter, gave feedback on mock interviews, etc. Having each person to keep me accountable will ultimately help me to stay on track and find my career as soon as possible. 

Identifying & Overcoming Barriers
While you've made concrete plans for how to achieve your goal, it's also important to take stock of what could hold you back in the job search.


Action Step: Identify 1-2 "barriers" you might put on yourself in this job search as well as the steps you will take to overcome them. Be prepared to describe these in your M4 portfolio review.
The only barrier I can think of is getting overwhelmed by frequent rejection. I don’t want the rejections to make me feel like an imposter. I will be checking in with my classmates to ensure I do not lose my confidence throughout the job search. 
